I'm actually the boss now
And I thought about it.
I am a decades-old aunt
Rebirth
How does it feel to go back to being 20 years old?
And don't I want to make up for him?
Why does it seem to be tempted now?
Damn damn damn
Damn long-haired rabbit
Are you the class host?
Feng Zhuangnan
You are a firm believer in Marxism
How can it be casual
Was attacked by an unknown Tang Ying shell
Woof
He can't really go, can he?
Marriage, your home is calling
Go pick it up
Comrade Li Yan
Did you call my home, Ning Zhiqing?
White clothes in a car accident
The eldest in the family called twice
I didn't even look for you.
But the other day your mother said you didn't reply to his letters.
So what?
Woman, how did you become so innocent and indifferent?
The family has no overnight feud
And you did it wrong first.
White is the one who raised you
You should explain and apologize.
I have nothing to do with him
Comrade Li Yan
Please don't make an assertion and get involved in my family affairs, okay?
Hello, Mom.
You still answer the phone
I thought your sister-in-law wasn't my mother anymore
I didn't, did I?
You married a devolved reformer without permission
Seriously injured your aunt
Not a single phone call
He didn't answer my letters.
It's not about breaking up.
Then you will only scold me when you call
You don't know how my aunt treats me
Didn't he just hit you over the head with a stool?
I was there. I hit harder.
I'd rather not kill you
I won't let you fool around with men and take care of your family
Is that right? Your eldest brother is in the army in Shanghai.
Your second brother is also a regular employee
Your sister is the only backbone of the siege regiment
You can't do anything to help, forget it
Also make broken shoes
Why don't you buy some meat?
Mom, you did this to me
It's all because I'm not your biological
Okay?
What!
Who is talking nonsense in front of you?
Who said you are not my biological aunt?
Just tell me the truth
The truth will soon come to light
It's getting late
I still have to take my stuff to the black market to see a doctor first